my story begins when i was a young boy
you'll be comfy here in your mama's own
room i do anything for her to be here
right now
grandma was a tough lady with a big
heart
and little by little she brought me out
of my sadness
i didn't know it but there was a dark
shadow looming nearby
[Music]
witches they're real
and they hate children welcome
what would you do if there were mice
learning all around us is so dead
i would call the exterminator you see
girls he would exterminate those brats
uh rats
we would exterminate the rats
i fear this was happening
[Music]
then here that means the test is coming
ladies i have a plan hundred
to transform a child into a mouse
[Applause]
[Music]
it's me is that you boy we'll never let
you get away with your
filthy evil plot who's gonna stop me
doesn't matter who you are or what you
look like
so long as somebody loves you you
wouldn't happen to be
carrying around a mouse on your person
now would you
a mouse why on earth would i be carrying
around a mouse
[Music]
14 year ago i released movie film which
brought great
shame to kazakhstan
[Music]
but now i was instructed to return to
yankee land to carry out
secret missions i go to america
[Music]
i would need disguises this man sex
criminal
no no sex family
i will take this to be a fat like
american man
yeah this is a good one where is his
crumb
what is problem officer that's somebody
that's strapped to the top of your car
he's in that passenger seat boss only
men and bears are allowed inside cars
i'm here to give my daughter as a gift
to someone close to the throne
i need dress with real sexy peels
uh this is a bag that just goes over the
dress
they're nice i really like this
let us present sandra jessica parker
drummond
i want this one with the baby on it
[Music]
i have a baby inside me can you take it
though
no we cannot that's not what we do here
i feel bad because
i was the one who put the baby in here
did you ever put one in your daughter no
i did not
where is everybody they're wanting
everybody to quarantine so they don't
spread this virus
could i stay in your home
i hope quarantine never end
what is more dangerous this virus
or the democrat democrats democrats
killing some of the virus no you can't
see the virus no it's still there
if you think you see a virus go like
that this makes the virus
sleepy and then when it's sleeping
your daddy has a lot to learn my daddy
is the smartest person in the whole flat
world
and while the risk of coronavirus
remains low as the president said
yesterday
we're ready for anyone michael penis
i brought the girl for you borah's
subsequent movie film
you pissed me now if he's still alright
what do you prefer you fixed me on
lifesteal
time
[Music]
okay all right let's do this i know it
feels fast
but it's nice isn't it to have a family
unit
come on in to meet the boys they're
really excited to meet you
how you feeling about school you can
meet some new friends
i know why the caged bird sings
wow that is super nasty
all right enough settle down
hey it happens to everyone he's made us
all cry at one point or another
you should come over after school
what is all this this is a ceremony
to celebrate you
why would you celebrate me because
you're out fourth
just in time for first period
this is all just a little crazy half the
battle of having powers is believing you
do
that's why covens have always been
important
[Music]
if we can do that what else can we do
we need to put a spell on timmy we don't
want to hurt him though right
she's right the number one rule of the
craft
if a person is a danger to herself or
others
they will be bound
i was starting to get a little worried
sorry i was just hanging out with my
friends
oh we've gone too far
was this just like some game tv
i feel different
be careful a lot of weirdos out here we
are the weirdos mister
the master this held prisoner
in tower grey prison
in 500 years no one has ever escaped
anyone who can get to the top is free
who is next
i've been waiting for this for a long
time
you look better this way
i owe you my life i'm going east come
with me
my village has changed
something is very wrong
she's an evil
but in god's name is happening
my people are suffering
i must help save them we need my
father's seal
[Music]
filled with dangers
frightening but quite impressive kill
him
when i have the seal of the dragon
i will rule the world
where's the dragon
i'm normal i'm a regular kid i'm normal
i'm ready
[Music]
dad i don't want to do this you got this
i'm a regular kid i'm normal
look i know you had a rough day
but i really want to show you something
to paul
from mom
[Music]
there's some things that i've always
wanted to ask you all
about who i was
what's her name aristianna
that's a stupid name just because you
look like that
doesn't give you permission to be a dick
there's nothing to be ashamed of
we give the people what they want come
see
the dangerous dog boy go get a drink i'm
not old enough
please you're never not old enough for
anything this is a sticker
oh my god give me the money paul
this is a sticker
[Music]
no more fairy tales
no more make-believe
this is pretty much all my fault
so what do we do now
the world's gonna be mean to us no
matter what we do
so we can't afford to be mean to
ourselves
i'm a normal kid and
i'll be strong
[Music]
what a wonderful day to be in the house
of the lord if you're here with us for
the first time
please stand what a beautiful family
i'm glad you're here
how's your daddy like that new farm he
growing things good doing things right
yes
[Music]
um
wow
[Music]
school we need to find water somewhere
we've got soil aid wet we're going to
lose the crop
[Music]
okay
where i grew up it's another world from
this one
my father was stuck in time a little bit
what was he like
he was religious just differently
like superstitious something's all done
around these parts
we're going up for my daddy's shooting
they don't get many visitors up in those
[Music]
houses
where am i you wasn't in the plane
accident
what about my family
[Music]
baby you were the only one sound
i need an ambulance ain't no hospital
within 50 miles of here
where you thank you is new york city
this stands for you
whatever happens to it happens
to you i'm gonna fix you
i'm gonna fix you good
all right now tell us what you see
[Applause]
you may live in the city but you for
nestle
i got big plans for you
controlling everyone
put you down
this is for your good
economic news today many millennials are
still struggling financially one
generation which is one percent controls
more wealthy
financial crisis
thank you for agreeing to talk with me
you will have the opportunity
to tell your story
can you give that to me i got a nice job
it's just a startup but i think you'd be
perfect for it what's the business
[Music]
throw this on before you get out
they would steal anything of value and
then just destroy the rest for fun
and mel donnelly is how they made money
you had someone without asking me and
bring them to my place of business
i didn't see anything oh yeah you did
you say one word to anyone i dare you
knows very few people have all the
wealth and they like to keep it that way
we're not just stealing we're sending a
message
if someone considers going off the
tracks my face will be the last thing
all of you see you have not been honest
with me
you made the choice to make it harder
for yourselves
you don't think i have a plan we're not
here to hurt anybody right
i mean that just went great
[Music]
this is the end what did you do
we'd rather be dead than submit to the
[Music]
does everybody have a system i love to
eat it
more than life edward you are my fresh
air
i wish i was here to protect you
so what are your friends carnies funny i
was wondering when you get here i
dragged the new kid up to have some fun
with us
where are we going it's an old tradition
going somewhere i'm sorry old hag you
are lucky my husband is not here he
would shoot you
now get out
[Music]
hello christopher i'm giving you a
choice
i'm sorry to hear about your wife
she included you all in her will i don't
want anything of hers not even a hundred
thousand dollars
a hundred thousand dollars there's a
phone upstairs
with a number next to it you call it
you stay on the phone for one minute
[Music]
then the money will be yours in the
morning who are we calling
my wife she had me bury a phone with her
going somewhere
she wants to talk to you where are you
i made the call it was like i was
transported
we're all gonna suffer
get on the phone
devastating to her want
[Music]
forty thousand years ago great mammals
dominated the continents
on the cave walls ancient men painted
and engraved their images
of bull and bison
of mammoth horse deer
predator
i was there at the tar pits of la brea
but then i saw things
things that people don't want to see
[Music]
and it was disturbed under the ground
there would come up
[Music]
and what comes up
the man of guitar
[Music]
when man builds down where the creature
of the tar rests
it becomes uneasy
and his only recourse is to stop that
disruption
his eyes i'll never forget that look in
his eyes
[Music]
wow
while much has been revealed the story
has not ended
it has barely begun
we should do a blood test to be sure but
i'm quite certain you're pregnant
congratulations it is such good news
we're meant to be going away how are we
gonna do that
you'll go as a family
[Music]
congratulations thank you well i i think
it's going to be a boy
we've decided that we're moving to
australia
we're not taking my grandchild we need a
fresh start you
cannot walk out on this place
[Music]
i'm sorry we did everything we could
the funeral's tomorrow i should go home
no rest it's the doctor's orders
how are you feeling that nauseous
i was the same with benjamin i'm gonna
need some of my things i
sent thomas over yesterday everything
you want
will be in your wardrobe how is the baby
i've been feeling dizzy i'll eat you
some water
maybe you should see another daughter
don't worry everything's under control
[Music]
you're not well you don't even seem to
realize that
what me trapped in that house your
condition i don't have a condition
give me the key no i think i'm gonna use
your help
you're sick because you realize you're
the one who's sick
within too much death in this family
it's been a long time 30 years if i see
you in the street i cannot recognize you
where are you staying
howdy and destroyed too you should visit
your old home
yeah i'm going to you look like your
picture
thank god
i went to where we used to live and i
felt like a tourist
i hardly recognize this country anymore
[Music]
i remember growing up in london every
vietnamese person i met lost a family
member here
yeah it took a great deal out of us too
generation forgotten country divided
i had no idea that we were leaving i
went to sleep one night and
when i woke up i was on a boat drifted
for days
my mother passed around a year ago now
did your parents ever come back to
vietnam
ever must be very painful for them not
to come back
where will you scatter the ashes or
returning them home
[Music]
why has it been so long for you to
return
[Music]
so did you find what you wanted
some people that see me
they might think my life's dirt
but i always thought of my life like a
fairy tale store
don't you want a home i got a home
skid row it's not a home not for a 12
year old girl
hello alicia it's good to meet you you
said her father was ill
he suffered a traumatic brain injury
while serving in iraq
he has episodes bad ones
services want to take you away from him
but nobody's looking out for your dad
he doesn't deserve that alicia
have you seen little girl she was
visiting her dad
alicia
never going out of the city going far
away
and then you'll get better i like that
dream
[Music]
this you know he's dangerous he cannot
take care of her
dad
strong
these resilient the parts that you're
made of
i think that you are very special
you my daughter
ain't nothing going changed
nickelodeon if you want to know about it
it's a kid-owned
environment it didn't feel like the
version of what an adult was telling a
kid to watch
it felt like really what kids were into
i don't know
kids can smell from a thousand miles
away when they're being sold a bunch of
crap
it was a tiny bit naughty kids would
really appreciate that and feel that it
was real and it was really for them
you can't do that on tv no one really
knew if it was going to end up being
successful we were the anti-disney we
were the anti-saturday morning we wanted
less acting
and we wanted more normal kids how come
everybody draws babies as these
beautiful
when they first come out heads are kind
of weird looking kind of funny looking
and that's why the rugrats were drawn
like they were
the inmates were very much running the
asylum back then it was way easier to
slip stuff
in they trusted us i mean the stuff we
got away with was
insane there's something about
just making a show that is just about
laughing it's about having fun and it's
about
just being silly when we all got
together we knew there was something
magical
to have that diversity in a show it gave
a lot of hope to a lot of kids coming
from different walks of life saying like
oh
i can do this too mothers were going to
work for the first time divorce rates
were high
kids were either coming home alone or in
after school programs they needed a
place where they could just be kids
they want a childhood let's give it to
them so there's all those crazy things
that happen
that you know nobody knows about
you